Hi everyone, I'm Mihai Balashi, AWS user group leader from Budapest and part of the organizing team.
While we're getting everything ready to roll, let me quickly walk you through how to get help today.
Because knowing this will save you a lot of time once the game is live.
First, have your builder ID ready and your browser updated.
Sounds small, but it keeps you in the game if anything goes wrong.
No builder ID yet? No rush. You have plenty of time, it's free and quick to set up.
Once you're playing, feel free to use the hints. Some are free, no points lost and they can completely unblock you.
Amazon Q developer is already set up in your environment. Use it like a teammate, not a last resort.
And if you're still stuck, just raise your hand right there in the room.
Your AWS user group leaders and AWS team members on site are right there to help you.
Don't wait, don't struggle quietly. Ask early.
Okay, that's all you need. Now get ready because things are about to get exciting.
Back to you, Linda.